family Good afternoon how are you well I'm
taking advantage I'm taking advantage of a quick stop okay at
the supermarket to discuss
this incredible incredible news with you all
eh I knew I was trying not eh I
mean I'd seen a few
things on Twitter I'd seen
a few things that had
caught my attention but I say I'm passing by I
capture I don't take notes and then on Sunday or
Monday when I get back I'll comment on it
but of course this This is Burning on
Twitter and we had to talk about something no
greetings Juan satoru how are you Well you
know I'm on the bridge No
already already amazing amazing amazing well
eh What are you saying well nothing no Porto man in
Oporto in Oporto Enjoying the long weekend
the truth is that today is a bad day eh today is a
bad day today it's been raining almost the whole day
and we've had to
stay sheltered
[Music]
t it's true completely true
6.20 I don't know if that's dollars I should
have known no 6.20 costs
See suggestive photos of alali what  does it
finally seem like good news Well
look on the bright side Ricky said that
for him Ali's physique was
completely irresistible and it was something he
couldn't say no to so
well Ricky knows
turkeys
esc
in any
decent society predictable Yes a little eh
predictable in any decent society
that girl would be
accused right now literally I say it okay in
any decent society that girl
would be
accused right now for any of the lies
that she has committed okay whatever it is Pos
Hash sister today sefa Hash sister today
sefa okay she goes to Madrid has a
crazy party she meets some friends she meets a
bunch of guys she doesn't know some friends
goes into these friends' house
saying guys take advantage of the fact that I'm
single she cheats on Ricky
Eddie she cheats on Ricky
Eddie when she
comes back she makes it up when they catch her she
makes up that she has been
raped and in the
end she has taken advantage of all the virality
of the
movement to promote herself a H lifan
this This is this is tremendous this is
tremendous this is tremendous
dude this is tremendous
eh I mean it's  tremendous it's
tremendous dude Well I'm seeing a
lot of potential clients out there already
in the chat okay stonks ston
totally be but it's
incredible it's incredible in the end
reven was totally right well eh I've
seen reven and and clona Well in
fact the one who warned me was clona one of the ones
who warned me And it's
brutal it's brutal
dude I mean we're talking about a
girl who has a trial next month
with her ex-boyfriend I mean
occupying occupying
played not only played eh occupying
played and occupying Maybe the morning
of a judge of a prosecutor of all the
workers of the trial that morning
because the girl decided 8
months later to denounce a kid for something
that she
was first blaming on someone else I mean it's
tremendous it's tremendous it's that
in any
decent society they
don't have the balls to do that
in any decent society they don't
have the balls to
do that but how how how the
[ __ ] How the [ __ ] can you have that
impunity to invent those
things
dude  incredible really Javi Open an
olli you too Well I was
thinking about the subject of negotiating with the photo
of the feet I have toenails right now
that are two Galapagos I don't know if it would sell
much my goodness Ricky How he must be
taking it right now
eh How did Ricky take the
news man incredible no incredible Well
family nothing I was just passing by to
comment on it I was just passing by to
comment on it [ __ ] I see that you were there
waiting for me eagerly eh
almost 1000 people here in 5
minutes without warning
no well when are you coming back on Sunday
Sunday we will talk about
this at length and at
length and you gentlemen well my
gentlemen here on vacation today I was
talking for today I was talking on the
phone
eh for two or three
special programs for next week
gentlemen that now Lali has a
lifan and we can
see her photos Just because you're
pavitos Javi You don't talk about Daniel
Sancho anymore Eh yes when there's news Yeah what
happens is that let's see what one can't do
is invent things
No my goodness
man but it's that  Ali doesn't have a
shred of So he's not embarrassed
eh he's not embarrassed to take advantage of the
situation to have promoted that, they're
not
going to leak it everywhere
Lone, yes they are going to leak it but let's go to
the first photo that I upload, the first
photo that I
upload Okay guys Well, nothing Javi in
Santa Austa a kid from
Seville disappeared I know I've
retweeted it I've retweeted it I didn't
find out much about La Movida I know it
was a kid from Seville who was going on a
trip to Córdoba and and that they haven't heard from
him since 9:30 in the morning yesterday
but I don't know what could have
happened I don't know the truth what the
investigations are pointing to I don't know what they're pointing to the
truth brutal op Porto eh very handsome very
handsome the truth is that
the truth is that this year I'm getting
to know Portugal a lot eh
and I'm loving the three cities that I've been to
the truth is that Porto
is beautiful the thing is that yes it
's true that today the weather was really bad
man the day today we spent almost the entire
time taking shelter I'll be
back  On Sunday,
Carlas, I'll be back on
Sunday, and how's it going?
Well, 100%,
still 100%, I'm
still chilled. Yes, that's why I'm
going to take shelter now because it won't stop
drizzling and the truth is that I'm
telling Lorena that I'm going to get
worse. And we still have two days here.
Tomorrow we'll spend the day. You know how
Portuguese is? The truth is that no, and
even though I have a
Portuguese surname, your honor, you've
abandoned them. Well, I think I think
not. Eh. I think that precisely the last
live show I did was about the
honorable members. We have some things, eh, when I
get back, eh, we have some things when I get
back in Lisbon. I really liked it too,
eh, Pepi, a kiss,
gorgeous. Well, I was connecting a
little with Enrique, no, not before, I
was at the door of the wedding,
but the truth is that the coverage was very bad, I don't
know well,
and there was nothing to record. Thank goodness, no, thank goodness, I didn't
go to
Chabelita's wedding, honestly, because there
was nothing to
record there at the wedding that we were at the
last wedding that we did in Seville.
the least they separated to pose
nothing today I was buying
clothes it was a hoax the Cristiano Ronaldo thing
Susi was a hoax in the end don't [ __ ] with me it
was a
hoax I was thinking about connecting
to telesalseo to comment on
that but it is a
hoax it is a
hoax supposedly
yes don't
[ __ ] with me about Comanche I haven't
seen it don't [ __ ] with me it was a hoax
Ah it's going I stuck my eyes right now Ah It got
in my eye
right now
man
[ __ ] something got in my head with the air
eh isap's wedding The truth is that
since they have an exclusive but
anyway the issue with the wedding was that
everyone enters the venue by car or
bus eh There are times when you
go to a wedding to cover it or
whatever and when they let them take the car they stop
pose for the press and then go in but
on this occasion it's that they went
straight in by car from
what you're seeing So no, thank goodness I did
n't do it Thank goodness I didn't
go Thank goodness I didn't
go but listen to me about the Cristiano thing it
was  a hoax or you're
trolling me because I saw it, it came
out today in the media it's
supposed to be serious, I mean they were
echoing it, the media is supposed to be
serious where they confirmed that it was
a hoax in the
end
the embassy
denied it man well thank goodness not because that
would be really [ __ ] awesome
eh that would be really [ __ ] awesome eh Let's
see, I had read
eh because I was like getting informed to
comment on it at some point and I had
read that he
could he could get away with it
that he could get away with it by asking for
forgiveness Look, Ainara is already sending it to me,
the Iranian embassy denies the
news, damn it, thank goodness
eh Well, I don't know who the [ __ ]
made it up but come on, they were reporting it
in a ton of media
eh they were reporting it in a ton of
media
eh Javi, the Ali thing is a lie, come
on, if the guy put it
sh, the Ali thing is a hoax
too Javi, did you see the Dallas thing? He uploaded a
video, I didn't see a click on
inski's Twitter, I saw a click that he posted
from a youtuber talking about the
czu I don't know if I'll comment on anything but come on
the
iq what's going on with the
millor yeah man what about l she put it
herself on her
Instagram my goodness eh I mean the click I
saw from a youtuber saying that the
good thing was bad but the worst thing is the
worst thing is Dallas using
that to make
videos My God of my
life what's going on with the moror the
moror said let's see the moror said something
terrible about comch and his problem what did he say what did he say
what did he say what did he say that
whoever commits suicide is
stupid Oh my God the
youtubers my goodness The youtubers
you my goodness The
youtubers make fun of comche say
but he didn't do it because if he doesn't he'll succeed he's
stupid what he
said he says no that
suicide attempts don't exist that Comanche had to
be stupid For
that you're giving me you're giving me the
urge did you see Ricky's T No no what did he
say did he say something about Lolly you
're giving me the urge to go
live for a while but the truth is that
now When I go up to the
room  I'm gonna go and
relax completely man I'm gonna put on
a
mask and I'm gonna I'm gonna do nothing
man I'm gonna do nothing until Sunday I'm
going I'm going to do
nothing but from what I see I have work
not to stop when I get back I do
n't have it there I have hailla not to stop when I
get back
no my goodness my goodness
man what love already nothing guys I'm
going now okay and see you we'll see you
okay
Holi see you okay
e I don't know maybe from here on Sunday I'll
log in again you're
really making me want to log in later from what you
're telling me but
we're going not to do anything right We're going to
hang out Oh no do we're going to hang out there on
the sofa bed to the max eat
junk let's rest we've
been on the street since 10 in the morning
guys I'll see you tomorrow or the day after okay I'm going to try not to make it tomorrow I'm
going to
try not to make it tomorrow and then on
Sunday night we'll see each other
calmly And we'll go over everything because from what you
're telling me
the work is piling up there no on Sunday
we have time to talk kiss family goodbye